Buffy: Okay, what's the sitch?

Giles: (in the stacks) Sorry?

Buffy: You heard about the dead guy, right? The dead guy in the locker?

Giles: (steps into the light) Yes.

She drops her bag on the study table and heads up the stairs.

Buffy: 'Cause, it's the weirdest thing. He's got two little, little holes in his neck, and all his blood's been drained. (meets him) Isn't that bizarre? Aren't you just going, 'ooh'?

Giles: I was afraid of this.

Buffy: Well, *I* wasn't! It's my first day! I was afraid that I was gonna be behind in all my classes, that I wouldn't make any friends, that I would have last month's hair. I didn't think there'd be vampires on campus. And I don't care.

Giles: Then why are you here?

Buffy: To tell you that... I don't care, which... I don't, and... have now told you, so... bye. (turns away to go)

Giles: Is he, w-will he... rise again?

Buffy: (turns back) Who?

Giles: The boy.

Buffy: No. He's just dead.

Giles: Can you be sure?

Buffy: To make you a vampire they have to suck your blood. And then you have to suck their blood. It's like a whole big sucking thing. Mostly they're just gonna kill you. Why am I still talking to you?

Buffy turns and goes down the stairs. Giles moves over to the railing.

Giles: You really have no idea what's going on, do you? You think it's coincidence, your being here? That boy was just the beginning.

Buffy: Oh, why can't you people just leave me alone?

Giles: Because you are the Slayer. (comes down the stairs) Into each generation a Slayer is born, one girl in all the world, a Chosen One, one born with the strength and skill to hunt--

Buffy: (interrupts and joins in) With the strength and skill to hunt the vampires, to stop the spread of their evil blah, blah, blah... I've heard it, okay?

Giles: I really don't understand this attitude. You, you've accepted your duty, you, you've slain vampires before...

Buffy: Yeah, and I've both been there and done that, and I'm moving on.

Giles: What do you know about this town? (goes into his office)

Buffy: It's two hours on the freeway from Neiman Marcus?

Giles: Dig a bit in the history of this place. You'll find a, a steady stream of fairly odd occurrences. Now, I believe this whole area is a center of mystical energy, (comes back with four books) that things gravitate towards it that, that, that you might not find elsewhere. (sets them on the table)

Buffy: Like vampires.

He puts the volumes into Buffy's arms one by one as he lists off various monsters and demons.

Giles: Like zombies, werewolves, incubi, succubi, everything you've ever dreaded was under your bed, but told yourself couldn't be by the light of day. They're all real!

Buffy: What? You, like, sent away for the Time-Life series?

Giles: Ah, w-w-w-yes.

Buffy: Did you get the free phone?

Giles: Um, the calendar.

Buffy: Cool! But, okay, (gives back the books) first of all, I'm a Vampire Slayer. And secondly, I'm retired. Hey, I know! Why don't you kill 'em?

Giles: I-I'm a Watcher, I-I haven't the skill...

Buffy: Oh, come on, stake through the heart, a little sunlight... It's like falling off a log.

Giles: A, a Slayer slays, a Watcher--

Buffy: Watches?

Giles: Yes. No! (sets down the books) He, he trains her, he, he, he prepares her--

Buffy: Prepares me for what? For getting kicked out of school? For losing all of my friends? For having to spend all of my time fighting for my life and never getting to tell anyone because I might endanger them? Go ahead! Prepare me.

They just look at each other for a moment. Buffy exhales, turns and leaves the library in disgust. Giles hesitates for an instant.

Giles: It's getting worse!

Buffy: What's getting worse?

He guides her over to the wall and speaks with her in a low voice.

Giles: The influx of the undead, the... supernatural occurrences, it's been building for years. There's a reason why you're here and a reason why it's now!

Buffy: Because now is the time my mom moved here.

She tries to evade him, but he puts his arm out to stop her.

Giles: Something's coming, something, something... something is, is gonna happen here. Soon!

Buffy: Gee, can you vague that up for me?

Giles: The signs, as far as I can tell, point to a crucial mystical upheaval, very soon. Days. Possibly less.

Buffy: Oh, come on! This is Sunnydale! How bad an evil can there be here?