Joey: <imitating ET> I'll be right here... I love this movie. (pause) This won the Oscar didn't it?

Dawson: <turns off the movie and switches it to the local news, which his mom co-anchors for>

Dawson: Ghandi. Spielberg was robbed. This was before he outgrew his Peter Pan syndrome.

Joey: (frowning) But Ghandi? I mean why give an Oscar to a movie you can't even sit through?

Dawson: Thank you.

Joey watches the TV as she gets up to put on her shoes.

Joey: New do?

Dawson: Yeah. She likes big hair.

Joey: Must weigh a lot. How does she walk upright?

Dawson: Where are you going?

Joey: Home.

Dawson: Spend the night.

Joey: I can't.

Dawson: Come on you always spend the night.

Joey: Not tonight.

Dawson: Why not?

Joey: I just don't think it's a good idea for me to sleep over anymore, you know?

Dawson: No, I don't know. C'mon, You've been sleeping over since you were seven. It's Saturday night.

Joey: Things change Dawson. Evolve.

Dawson: What are you talking about?

Joey: Sleeping in the same bed was fine when we were kids, but we're fifteen now.

Dawson: Yeah.

Joey: We start high school Monday?

Dawson: Yeah.

Joey taps her chest.

Joey: And I have breasts!

Dawson: (surprised) What?!

Joey: And you have genitalia!

Dawson: I've always had genitalia.

Joey: But there's more of it.

Dawson: How do you know?

Joey: Long fingers... I gotta go.

Dawson: Whoa Jo, don't hit and run. (Joey turns around) C'mon, explain yourself.

Joey: I just think our emerging hormones are destined to alter our relationship and I'm trying to limit the fallout.

Dawson: Your emerging hormones aren't developing a thang for me, are they?

Joey: A thing?

Joey: No, I'm not getting a thing for you Dawson. I've known you too long. I've seen you burp, barf, pick your nose, scratch your butt. I don't think I'm getting a thing for you.

Dawson: So what's the problem?

Joey: We're changing and we have to adjust or else the male/female thing will get in the way.

Dawson: What's with this When Harry met 80's crap. It doesn't apply to us, we transcend it.

Joey: And how do we do that?

Dawson: (lying back) By going to sleep. I'm tired.

Joey: That's avoidance.

Dawson: No, it's proof. Proof that we can still remain friends, despite any mounting sexual theoretics.

Joey: (pauses for a minute) I don't think it works that way Dawson.

Dawson: Come on, don't get female on me Joey. I don't want to have to start calling you Josephine.

Joey: (smiling) Josephine this!

Joey: (noticing Dawson's body slightly on top of hers) Okay, I give...I give.

Dawson: We're friends okay? (Joey nods, smiling) No matter how much body hair we acquire? Deal?

Joey: Deal.

Dawson: (leaning back) All right...and we don't ever talk about this again, deal?

Joey smiles.

Joey: You got it.

Dawson: Okay, cool.

Joey: Cool.

Dawson: Goodnight Joey.

Joey: (snuggling into pillow) Goodnight Dawson.

Dawson: Why'd you have to bring this up anyway? 